Correct docs on DLS bitset cache default values (#86282)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

The time-to-live for cached `BitSet` entries for document level security.
Document level security queries may depend on Lucene BitSet objects, and these are
automatically cached to improve performance. Defaults to expire entries that are
unused for `2h` (2 hours).

`xpack.security.dls.bitset.cache.size`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
The maximum memory usage of cached `BitSet` entries for document level security.
Document level security queries may depend on Lucene BitSet objects, and these are
automatically cached to improve performance. Can be configured as a raw number
of bytes (such as `200mb` or `1g`) or a percentage of the node's JVM heap
memory (such as `5%`). When the default value is exceeded, the least recently

> used entries are evicted. Defaults to `10%` of the heap assigned to the node).

Author: ```suggestion
used entries are evicted. Defaults to `10%` of the heap assigned to the node.
```

> automatically cached to improve performance. Defaults to `10%` (that is, 10% of the
> heap assigned to the node), after which least-recently-used entries will be evicted.
> Can be configured as a raw number of bytes (for example, `200mb` or `1g`) or a 
> percentage of the node's JVM heap memory (for example, `5%`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically cached to improve performance. Can be configured as a raw number
of bytes (such as `200mb` or `1g`) or a percentage of the node's JVM heap
memory (such as `5%`). When the default value is exceeded, the least recently
used entries are evicted. Defaults to `10%` of the heap assigned to the node).
```

Reviewer: I moved the default to the last line, which is a convention we try to adhere to. I also removed the hyphenation and tried to be more explicit about when the least recently used entries are evicted.
